Extend intro docs page (#375)
XanaduAI/pennylane: doc/introduction/pennylane.rst

Learn more
----------

In the following sections you can learn more about the key features of PennyLane:

> 1. :ref:`Quantum circuits <intro_vcircuits>` shows how PennyLane unifies and simplifies 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. :doc:`circuits` shows how PennyLane unifies and simplifies 
```

Reviewer: (if we stick to page links, rather than reference links, we avoid the weird page scrolling behavior)

the process of programming quantum circuits with trainable parameters.

> 2. :ref:`Interfaces <intro_interfaces>` introduces how PennyLane is used with the different 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. :doc:`interfaces` introduces how PennyLane is used with different 
```

> classical interfaces to optimize quantum circuits or hybrid computations.

Reviewer: Classical interfaces might not mean much to people exploring PennyLane for the first time
```suggestion
machine learning libraries to optimize quantum circuits or hybrid computations.
```

> 3. :ref:`Quantum operations <intro_ref_ops>` outlines the various quantum circuit building blocks 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. :doc:`operations` outlines the various quantum circuit building blocks 
```

provided in PennyLane.

> 4. :ref:`Measurements <intro_ref_meas>` presents the different options available to measure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. :doc:`measurements` presents the different options available to measure
```

the output of quantum circuits.

5. :doc:`templates` gives an overview of different larger-scale composable 

> subcomponents for building quantum algorithms.

Author: ```suggestion
layers for building quantum algorithms.
```

> 5. :ref:`Templates <intro_ref_temp>` gives an overview of different larger-scale composable 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. :doc:`templates` gives an overview of different larger-scale composable 
```

> 6. :ref:`Optimizers <intro_ref_opt>` details the built-in tools for optimizing and training 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. :doc:`optimizers` details the built-in tools for optimizing and training 
```

quantum computing and quantum machine learning circuits.

> 7. :ref:`Configuration <intro_ref_config>` provides details about how to customize 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. :doc:`configuration` provides details about how to customize 
```
